https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V3HK0uQjbDuBS_u2mOXC4CB1PsSE5VXDNOXLoeofTgo/edit?usp=sharing

Virtual Voodoo

Documentation


Virtual Voodoo is an interactive stress relief tool.

Do you want to get rid of the negitave energy in your life?

Use the magik of the internet to channel it away by casting digital curses 
on the people who piss you off!

/* this is bea's version of the documentation Please accept what you agree with for the global documentation*/
 
/* Project Software Documentation */


Abreve:

The Virtual Voodoo Doll is an interactive game-fied tool for stress relief. It presents itself has a ragdoll that can be customized within
the provided templates. Once the right user-dependedent visual has been chosen, a set of tools can be used to interact with the doll. 
The purpose of this document is to help guide you through the tiny world we've created within your browser.


User Documentation

What is the Virtual Voodoo Doll?
The Virtual Voodoo Doll is a Doll that you can personalize to your taste and to let all your anger out on.

How do I initiate my doll?
By clicking on the central window you will be starting your doll. 

How do I personalize my doll?

On the right hand-side window you will have several boxes from which you can choose your doll's look and atire. Once done to your liking.
resume to the main panel.

How do I pick which tools to use on my doll?
You will have several tools available to use on your doll at the bottom of the main panel. They are the following:
-Pin = pokes holes which adds a block dot onto texture of doll. 
-Scalpel = cuts limbs (up to three times each body part).
-Lighter = ignite body part. 
-Water = extinguish body part

Once I am fully "un-stressed" how do I leave Virtual Voodoo Doll?
All you have to do is close the browser or app window and you are done.

I completely destroyed the doll but feel like I need another round, how do I go again?
Just press refresh on center panel and the doll will be ready for a second round.

My Doll just crashed, it seems like it is frozen, what do I do?
Well, sometimes the magic is just too strong, refresh your browser and the Virtual Voodoo Doll will be right up again.

I want to play with the Virtual Voodoo Doll but I don't want read any of this, what do I do?
We have the chillest support team ever, click the little help sign and we will be there for you.


Project Charter

We live in a social media driven world, and the generation that saw the internet be born and availabe to every home is now fully embeded in 
the realities of a shared life.
Voodoo Dolls were once the mystical scape goat for every ill feelling that could not be acted upon. With the contemporary worldy turmoil
why not go back to them and turn them into something positive.
Our goal is to game-fy your anger, believe us, you'll fell better after.


Requirements:

Our requirements documentation should guide the interested parties on the does and shall do's of our software project. It should provide
a comprehensive agreement on what our team decided that it should be doing. Based on our teams technical limitations our requirements
will be divided in two categories, mandatory requirements that w know we can technically achieve and the potentials that we shall challenge
ourselves to accomplish.

A. Mandatory

  1. Display the graphics of the doll & tools
  2. Allow the user to manipulate the tools
  3. Allow the tools to have an effect on the doll graphics
  4. Give the user appropriate feedback

B. Potentials
  
  1. Interchangable faces / Skins
  2. Full Animation
  3. Sound EFX
  
  
  

